{
"name": "Typing Test 16",
"words": 329,
"keystrokes": 2055,
"text": "Mass Communication in India. Radio, T.V., films, newspapers, and periodicals, etc. are the various forms of the mass media and communication. The importance of these can hardly be overemphasized. T.V., films, newspapers, and periodicals, etc. are the various forms of the mass media and communication. The importance of these can hardly be overemphasized. They play a vital role in dissemination of knowledge and information, formation of public opinion, national integration and removal of superstition. The urgency and importance of multi-channels of mass communication for a country like India, with a population of more than a billion, is clear. Radio broadcasting started in India in 1927, in Mumbai and Kolkata. Since then it has spread as a vast network, covering almost all the villages, hamlets, towns and cities. It was christened Akashvani in 1957. Now, there are over 100 stations of All India Radio, serving as very effective means of communication, education and entertainment. Radios and transistors are very popular as they are cheap, handy and affordable. Over 95% of our population is covered by its vast network of stations and broadcasting centres. Now there are about 273 bulletins for duration of 37 hours in its regional, national and external services. It is one of the biggest news organisations of its kind in the world. There are 78 news bulletins in 19 languages in home service from Delhi alone. Then there are 127 regional bulletins in 62 languages. In the external air service, bulletins in 67 languages and dialects are broadcast every day. Besides, there are sports bulletins, special bulletins, weather and Parliament bulletins. There are hosts of other, very useful bulletins, commentaries and broadcasts to cover events, people, news, and views of national and international importance. Yuvak Vain is a programme for the youth of the nation, by the young men and women of the country, between the ages of 15 and 30. For school students most of the AIR stations have regular programmes, based on their school curriculum."
}