{
"name": "Typing Test 3",
"words": 319,
"keystrokes": 1994,
"text": "Under the National Drinking Water Mission, the guinea worm problem which is prevalent in only six States will now be eliminated by the end of the current year. Similarly, the Central Government has taken several steps to remove the excess quantity of fluoride from drinking water. Alternative sources of clean drinking water and equipment to remove fluoride will be made available to the affected villages. For both the works, a special provision to provide funds to the States is being made. Public awakening campaign is being launched in this regard. The Government has taken the decision to open laboratories at all the places for the qualitative testing of drinking water. I would also like to point out that the constructed amenities provided for the disposal of dirt and dirty water are comparatively very inadequate. This issue will be taken up for discussion at an early date in the National Seminar and the policy will undergo change. I would like to mention that the World Bank and many countries of the world are: extending their assistance for the implementation of these two programmes. The programme started to make available drinking water in villages through Rajiv Gandhi National Drinking Water Mission, is the biggest in the world and has become a model for other developing countries. In order to have systematic agricultural development and to maintain it, an effective system is essential for marketing of agricultural products so that the interests of producers and consumers may be safeguarded. A model Act has been circulated to the States in order to make uniformity in the regulation and management of markets. In order to provide basic infrastructure facilities for these markets under a Centrally-sponsored programme, the committees of the trade centers are given monetary assistance to the markets through the State Government. Now, both the programmes for the development of markets and construction of village godowns have been entrusted to the State Governments."
}