{
"name": "Typing Test 12",
"words": 319,
"keystrokes": 2045,
"text": "Climate Change: The climate is the commonly considered to be the weather averaged over a long period of time, typically 30 years. Somewhat more precisely, the concept of \"climate\" also includes the statistics of the weather—such as the degree of day-to-day or year-to-year variation expected. The Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) glossary definition is: Climate in a narrow sense is usually defined as the \"average weather\", or more rigorously, as the statistical description in terms of the mean and variability of relevant quantities over a period of time ranging from months to thousands or millions of years. The classical period is 30 years, as defined by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO). These quantities are most often surface variables such as temperature, precipitation, and wind. The factors that determine the climate at a location are the rainfall, sunshine, wind, humidity and temperature. Climate change refers to long term changes in climate including overage temperature and precipitation. Earth’s climate is changing and this is causing great concern. The changes place in the atmosphere have become one of the serious threats that world faces today. Human activities have the potential to disturb the balance of natural systems and cause warming of the plant to an unprecedented extent. Some of these countries are increasing the greenhouse gases emission to an extent that nature system is now not able to assimilate these gases. As a result, climate change has started endangering biodiversity, food and fresh water supply, impacting human health worldwide, especially in developing countries like India due to low adaptive capacity. Indias climate can be classified as a hot tropical country, except the northern states of Himachal Pradesh and Jammu & Kashmir in the north and Sikkim in the northeastern hills, which have a cooler, more continental influenced climate. In most of India summer is very hot. In India, summer, winter, and the rainy season are considered to be the main seasons."
}
