{
"name": "Typing Test 44",
"words": 348,
"keystrokes": 2021,
"text": "Money stashed abroad is not always the money, which has been evaded from payment of taxes. Drug lords, terrorists groups, and gangsters all over the world, along with International Syndicates also keep their money in safe heavens, where they can lay their hands on it in times of need for their operational purposes. There is no mechanism with the Government to determine and say with cent percent surety that the money hoarded abroad is only the one that has been evaded from payment of taxes and not the other crime-linked cash. The Revenue Department and other agencies of the Government like the RAW and State Trading Organisations have their offices abroad. There is no common mandate for them to report any suspicious transactions by the Indians either visiting or staying abroad. The stark truth is that black money is the result of high-level corruption prevailing in our country. The schemes meant for the poor, even as per the Government reports, are not implemented and the money is siphoned off. Even laws permit every criminal whether in jail or on bail to hide their names and crimes and create false alibis. But, here the Government is creating alibis for those people whose names have been received and disclosed as the persons who are having cash, which is got illegally and is not from any known legal sources. They have stashed this cash in safe tax heavens abroad. Even the Supreme Court, the Apex Court of India, says that nothing moves without bribery in India. A good and alert cop even on a tourist visa can spot Indians roaming about and visiting these safe tax heavens on Swiss banks. The rest of the job of tracing the flight of black money from India can be done locally provided the Government has the will. So far, the Government has been making excuses, some tenable and some untenable. Unfortunately, no Government irrespective of the party in power has taken even a genuine small step to stop the generation and flight of black money from India, forget about getting the black money back."
}