{
"name": "Typing Test 25",
"words": 342,
"keystrokes": 2048,
"text": "The average temperature of the Earth has been increasing continually since the late 19th century. The mean global temperature in the 1960s was 13.9 degree Celsius whereas in 2017 it was 14.9 degree Celsius. Thus, no one can deny the fact that the temperatures have been rising on our planet. Ice ages and warmer periods have occurred alternatively and naturally on Earth. Natural warming happens when Earth is closer to the Sun. But, it is the greenhouse gases that lead to a rapid temperature increase and disrupt the natural cycle of changes. The gases such as the oxides of carbon and sulfur are greenhouse gases. These gases, when present in the atmosphere, trap the incoming radiation and heat from the Sun. The phenomenon of atmospheric gases acting as a shield is known as the greenhouse effect. We humans have been primarily responsible for the release of these harmful gases. Our activities such as industrial production, petroleum extraction, transportation, burning fossil fuel, mining, cattle rearing, and deforestation are primarily responsible for global warming. The first impact of global warming is the melting of polar ice caps and glaciers. So, a loss of habitat for species in the frozen zone is likely. Losing tones of ice could result in the rising of sea levels, and inundation of coastal areas all over the world. Glaciers are the sources of our rivers. With no glaciers, many rivers could dry up, leading to severe water scarcity. As individuals, we too have the responsibility in making our planet a safe abode for our future generations. We should go for energy-efficient lights such as LED bulbs that don't generate much heat. We can drive less and use public transport instead. Recycling has to become a habit in our society as the production of new components takes lots of energy and leads to pollution too. Make judicious use of natural resources such as water. Plant trees as a single tree can absorb one ton of carbon dioxide over its lifetime. We should also use less electronic devices for recreational purposes."
}