{
"name": "Typing Test 46",
"words": 348,
"keystrokes": 2162,
"text": "Almost 69 people were killed by the police in the fire to oppose the apartheid-passed laws in 1960 at a peaceful demonstration in Sharpeville, South Africa. It was then declared by the United Nations General Assembly to the international community as an international day for the elimination of racial discrimination in the year 1966 in order to remove all types of racial discrimination. On the same day means the 21st of March is celebrated each year as Human Rights Day in South Africa which has been officially declared as a public holiday. This event is being commemorated by the people worldwide on annual basis to remember all those people who had lost their lives in opposing the Apartheid regime or fighting for democracy as well as demanding equal human rights in South Africa. The Sharpeville Massacre of South Africa is the main place during the Apartheid regime of 1960, 21st March for which the day is declared as a public holiday. It is celebrated annually for increasing the awareness of the common public for equal Human Rights as well as highlighting all the existing problems of racism in the field of sports in various countries of the world. It was considered that sports are the better medium for combating racism and racial discrimination among people all over the world. Olympic Games were also established aiming for the harmonious development of the man from different races as well as to resolve social tensions and conflicts through the sports medium. The 2001 Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, the UN Human Rights Council and The UNESCO Charter of Physical Education and Sport had supported, in collaboration with the intergovernmental organizations (international and regional sports federations, International Olympic Committee, etc), and urged states to combat and eliminate racism through sports. A variety of programs and activities was started by the General Assembly in 1979 for eliminating racism and racial discrimination. After years of struggle to eliminate racism, the apartheid system in South Africa has been removed and a variety of laws or practices supporting racism in many countries have been eliminated."
}