{
"name": "Typing Test 1",
"words": 325,
"keystrokes": 2005,
"text": "Is positive thinking an inherent characteristic of a person or can it be developed in one's psyche? The opinions differ in answering this vital question. Some people believe that it can be inherited from parents, and cannot be developed. Others believe that like other qualities it can be developed with proper practice and guidance. Still some others hold the opinion that it is hereditary to some extent but can be acquired to some degree. There is also a section of people, who believe that all depends on circumstances or luck. We need to adopt a scientific approach to find an answer to the above question. No one can get success every time even after making efforts, nor can one fail constantly. Moreover, success has different meaning for different people. For some students, getting 60 per cent marks is success, for others it may not be sufficient. In a competitive examination, success means getting selected, whatever the percentage of marks. As for inheritance theory, since positive attitude is not a physical feature but a mental faculty, it cannot be purely hereditary. It can be developed. Moreover, parents play a major role in developing this quality of a child. A child, who watches his parents working hard, having faith in success through their words, behaviour and body language, is likely to develop a similar attitude. The children of short-tempered, over-cautious and nervous parents may assume similar characteristics when they grow up. Psychologists, therefore, prescribe a code of conduct for parents' behaviour in front of their children. They must exude confidence, self-belief and hope, especially in difficult situation, so that the children emulate these qualities. They must be taught the importance of being positive before, during and after the performance of a task. There is no better education for a child than watching his parents come out of a tough situation by means of earnest endeavours. Such success not only gives more joy but also increases self-confidence."
}
