{
"name": "Typing Test 19",
"words": 322,
"keystrokes": 2035,
"text": "The word ‘Kashmir’ is derived from the Sanskrit word meaning Land of Kashyap. Rishi Kashyap was one of the Saptarishis who was a Saraswat Brahmin and formalized the ancient Historical Vedic Religion. His descendants or the Kashmiri Pandits as they are commonly known named the valley in his honor. Kashmir falls in the northwestern region of the Indian subcontinent. The geographical denotions of Kashmir include the valleys between the Great Himalayas and the Pir Panjal Mountain range, until the mid -19th century. At present, it also includes the larger area of Indian-administered state of Jammu and Kashmir comprising of the three divisions of Kashmir valley, Jammu and Ladakh. Kashmir shares its borders with Pakistan as well as China. Kashmir region has been a center of Hinduism, Buddhism followed by Kashmir Shaivism. Shah Mir became the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir in 1349 inaugurating the Salatin-i-Kashmir. Muslim monarchs continued to rule Kashmir over next five centuries. Mughals ruled from the period of 1526 until 1751, after which Afghans ruled forming the Durrani Empire from 1747 until 1820. Thereafter the Sikhs, under the leadership of Ranjit Singh captured Kashmir. The Dogras became the rulers under Gulab Singh after signing the ‘Treaty of Amritsar’ through which they purchased the region from British rule in 1846. Dogra rule continued until India got its independence from British rule after which it became a disputed territory. Kashmir now falls into the administration of three countries: Pakistan, India and People’s Republic of China. The upsurge of militancy and political movements has impacted the economy of the state greatly. The crown of India as it is popularly known for its beauty and the geographical location with respect to the country’s other states has been a victim of terrorism. All sectors of the economy, of which agriculture is the pre-dominant have been affected by the frequent turbulences and failed to provide food and life security to the population of the valley."
}