{
"name": "Typing Test 17",
"words": 335,
"keystrokes": 2081,
"text": "Television came to India in 1959, with three days a week limited transmission. However, from 1965 these became regular. Since 1976 when Doordarshan came into being, it has emerged as a very powerful and effective means of mass communication. It has seen a phenomenal growth of installation of one transmitter a day in 1984 and after. A vast network of over 350 transmitters of the Doordarshan now reaches an estimated 80% of our population. The popularity of television is on the increase and soon it will cover the entire population of our country. In order to cater to the wide interests of large sections of our population, more channels are being added and introduced. The introduction of the Metro channel in 1984 in Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai has been historical. Now, it is available in many cities and towns. The services of Doordarshan for school and university education have helped a lot in the promotion of education and training. The satellite communication has really revolutionised the means of mass communication and information. The radio and television broadcasts via satellites have made communication instant and universal. It has turned the whole world into a global village. Now viewers have access to more and greater selection of viewing on T.V. The implications of satellite communication are really very complex, varied and far-reaching. It has its own inherent strengths and weaknesses, which are unfolding with the passage of time. But it is beyond any shadow of doubt that satellite communication will go a long way in helping a developing country like India in overcoming its many socioeconomic problems and in the achievement of development goals. The Supreme Court judgment asking the Central Government to establish an independent public authority to control and regulate the use of electronic media is a welcome decision. It implies that freedom of speech applies not just to the print but also to the electronic media. This judgment marks a new, bold and significant beginning in liberating electronic media from government control and monopoly."
}