{
"name": "Typing Test 5",
"words": 386,
"keystrokes": 2053,
"text": "Sir, the Press Council Second Amendment Bill was introduced by me in the last session, as I submitted in my statement which I laid on the Table of the House. I request the House to consider the Second Amendment because an Ordinance had to be issued since the life of the Council was expiring. Since the life of the present council was expiring, we had to issue the Ordinance. At this stage, I do not think have much to say because it is a very simple Bill. It is only trying to extend the life of the Press Council till the end of the year. If we are able to finalize the formation of the Press Council earlier, then, of course, the present term would expire earlier. You will recall, I had said in the course of the last debate that a Committee of Members of Parliament has been working for the drafting of the second Bill, which is likely to come up before the end of this session. The Committee has been sitting and they have been able to come to their conclusions more or less. It is now in the drafting stage and I hope it will be possible for me to bring the Bill before the House soon, 1 would not like to go into the merits and demerits of the new Bill at this stage. Would only say that it is a very simple Bill extending the life of the present Council. I hope the House will approve of this at an early date so that I can go to the other House before the Budget debate is taken up. No doubt about it; it is a very simple Bill dealing with merely the term of the Press Council and giving life to the Press Council which would have otherwise expired. Do not object to the contents of the Bill. It has been my general objection that Article 123 of the Constitution, which empowers the President to promulgate Ordinances during the recess of Parliament, is a very special power. Therefore, Sir, it is an extraordinary power which has to be exercised with very great caution and care and only in an emergent situation. The First Amendment provides that Congress make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting its free exercise."
}