{
"name": "Typing Test 20",
"words": 333,
"keystrokes": 2032,
"text": "Assam, known as the land of blue hills and red river, is also a land of many feasts and festivals, which are marked by music, dance, mirth, gaiety, community sharing, and spiritual colouring. Among these, Bihu is the most impressive and prominent. Bihu is the chief festival of the people of Assam celebrated by everyone irrespective of caste, creed, and race. Assamese celebrate three types of Bihus in a year- Rongaali Bihu or Bohaag Bihu, Kati Bihu or Kongaali Bihu and Magh Bihu or Bhogaali Bihu. The word ‘Bihu’ comes from the Sanskrit word ‘Vishu’. The Bihus are closely associated with the farmer’s life, which characterises ancient rural Assamese life. It marks three distinct phases in the cultivation of paddy-the native crop of Assam. Bohaag Bihu marks the advent of planting time, the Kati Bihu is celebrated at the completion of sowing season while Magh Bihu symbolises the culmination of harvesting period. Rongaali Bihu is the most important Bihu among the three Bihus. It is celebrated in the month of Bohaag, the first month of the Assamese calendar. Thus, the festival marks the advent of Assamese New year. Hence, it is characterized by lots of merriment, gaiety, songs and dance. The festival coincides with the arrival of spring season in the state providing greater reason for merriment. The nature is in its finest form fully adorned with blossoms and flowers. Therefore, this Bihu is known as Rongaali Bihu or the festival of merriment (‘Rong’ means joy in Assamese). Bihu festivals are an integral part of Assamese life and culture. Bihu geet or Bihu songs constitute an important part of Assam’s rich heritage and literature. The uniqueness of Bihu celebrations is that they are celebrated by everyone in Assam irrespective of caste, creed, or race. The festivals are true community festivals and promote a sprit of love, brotherhood and sense of oneness among the people. It is therefore, the duty of every Assamese to preserve these national festivals in their original form and grandeur."
}