{
"name": "Typing Test 8",
"words": 369,
"keystrokes": 1973,
"text": "My Favorite Teacher: A teacher is called builder of the nation. The profession of teaching needs men and women with qualities of head and heart. There are many teachers in our school and a large number of teachers among them are highly qualified. I have great respect for all of them. Yet I have a special liking for Miss Y. Miss Y is a woman of great principles. She is jewel among all the teachers. Almost all the students respect her. She teaches us English. She is quite at home in this subject. She takes keen interest in teaching students. Simple living and high thinking is her motto. She is a woman of sweet temper and is always ready to help in difficulties. She treats us like her own brothers and sisters. She is an ideal teacher. It is these qualities of head and heart that have endeared Miss Y to the students and teachers alike. She is an ideal teacher in real sense of the word. She is the real model to emulate. May she live as long as there is sweet fragrance in the flowers? When My Teacher Scolded Me: Scolding is something common in student life. Being a naughty boy, I am always scolded by my parents. But one day I was severely scolded by my English teacher. She infect teaches well. But that day, I could not resist the temptation that an adventure of Nancy Drew offered. While she was teaching, I was completely engrossed in reading that book. Nancy Drew was caught in the trap laid by some smugglers and it was then when I felt a light tap on my bent head. The teacher had caught me red handed. She scolded me then and there and insulted me in front of the whole class. I was embarrassed. My cheeks burned being guilty conscious. When the class was over, I went to the teacher to apologize. When she saw that I had realized my mistake, she cooled down and then told me in a very kind manner how disheartening it was when she found any student not paying attention. I was genuinely sorry and promised to myself never to commit such a mistake again."
}