{
"name": "Typing Test 49",
"words": 321,
"keystrokes": 2006,
"text": "We live in a world where Alexa plays music in the living room, and Siri sets the alarm on the phone. Not far is the day when most of us will have robots in our homes, loading the dishwasher and assembling our furniture. We already have drones, and experiments on driverless cars are going on. Computers are vital in the communication and transportation industries. They control our satellites and traffic signals. Through Big data and analytics, companies make business decisions. Technologies like Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and IoT (Internet of Things) could bring a sea of changes in our daily lives. A range of industries right from agriculture, and textiles to our defense field is highly dependent on n computer technology. There does not exist a sector, which is untouched by the magic of computers. Computers, smartphones, and cheap internet data packs have revolutionized the field of education. A data-enabled mobile phone opens the door to vast resources. Online learning and distance education has changed the fortunes of many. The software programs are better than print media in presenting the subject to the students. In this way, they are more interested in learning and take the initiatives to know further. It increases the quality of education that people receive. Moreover, computers have vast storage spaces, and the durability of the study material is also high. In specific fields like architecture and mechanical engineering, there is a paradigm shift in pedagogy. They learn and use software technologies like CAD and CAM. We know that the word 'computer' comes from computing and thus, they were mostly computing devices. The first computer was for the military, and the U.S. army used it for calculating artillery firing tables. Today, computers are used in tanks, planes, and ships to target enemy forces. They play a vital role in providing training and simulations to soldiers. They are essential to safeguard the confidential activities of the defense forces."
}