{
"name": "Typing Test 6",
"words": 332,
"keystrokes": 2007,
"text": "In the last few years, thanks to jobs becoming global, the importance of English has increased manifold. It has over the years become an important medium of communication, both at the international and intra-national levels. The importance of spoken English is even more, because here are many cases. Where one knows his subject well, but fails to communicate it properly. The practice of spoken English, therefore, is quite essential. Learning English in a country where it is not a native language, opens a number of opportunities for the Individual. An individual can make strides in the management ladder if he or she can speak English fluently. If your English is poor even though with brilliant business ideas, you may still find yourself languishing at the bottom of the management ladder. Your productivity will drop over a period of time since you will find difficulty in expressing your brilliant ideas. Those who can speak good English will probably usurp your ideas and get the credit for all the hard work you did. Group discussion is one of the ways to test someone's communicative skills generally before the final interview for a job. An English language trainer trains the candidates for group discussions. While training the candidates, the trainer aims at grooming the whole personality etc. He usually organizes number of mock interviews to make the candidates confident and to assess them as where they are lacking in order to fill the gap. Fear of speaking in front of groups is one of the greatest fears people have. Here, the role of a trainer is very crucial who trains the candidates in practices confidence, and how to concentrate on his or her message. The trainer begins with a strategy that includes understanding your purpose and role. Then he makes the candidate team how to structure his material into a meaningful message. English is a West Germanic language in the Indo-European language family, with its earliest forms spoken by the inhabitants of early medieval England."
}